hey friends that are here with you
thanks for stopping by Heather's bag I'm
excited to introduce you to one of our
new products from the jewel by 31
collection the diamond district isn't
she lovely this bag here the diamond
district you're seeing it in City
charcoal snake this bag has lots of
structure it's a really great size as a
standard hand mat accused or to use
while you're out and about commuting to
work it transitions very nicely from day
to night professional to personal and is
very comfortable to wear and I'm excited
to share with you what all it has to
offer let's take a closer look you'll
see that you have some nice chunky
silver hardware that goes all the way
around the bag with your d-rings
included one nice feature about this bag
because it has the date rings it comes
with a detachable chunky strap so you
can attach it to wear across your
shoulder if you would like but please
note the chunky strap is not adjustable
but you do have this gorgeous chunky
hardware on the edges of it so keep that
in mind here on the outside you have a
very nice snap closure pocket
those snaps are magnetic and they will
stay shut they're pretty strong you've
got a very nice deep structured pocket
here on the front of the diamond
district this is a great place to hold
that chunky strap if you want to change
your look while you're out and about
this is also a great place to hold a
tablet if you have one that you often
keep with you on the other side you have
the hidden cell phone pocket or the
hidden key pocket ID pocket whatever you
want to use it for this pocket does come
down to about right here in the bag and
you'll see here the noted jewel by 31
logo so that's the outside of your
diamond district on this side you'll see
that you have a nice gusseted zipper and
the reason I want to show you this is
because it does times it
completely see that it completely
unzipped in the sides fold in to give
you a load of space on the inside the
top of your bag that's gonna open up
very nice and wide and you have that
lovely lining on the inside you'll
notice also right here that you have an
elastic pocket a great place if you're
using this as a diaper bag on the go or
if you have young ones to hold that
bottle they're also a great place just
to keep a water bottle or even your
coffee if you're like me slip your
thermos in there when you're on your way
out and about you'll also notice on this
side you have the two slip pockets one
and two and just like our other jewel
bags this one does not come with extra
built-in pockets because you my friend
get to customize the interior of your
bag and let me show you how to do that
when you're looking at the interior of
your bag you'll notice that you have
something called a snapback here's one
on this side and the side where I showed
you on the other side with the two
pockets also has one so you could
customize it with two additional snap
and pockets I'm just going to show you
one so we have these snapping pockets by
our jewel by 31 collection you can
choose a triple slit pocket or a zipper
pocket now since this one already has
two slit pockets built in I've chosen to
add in the zipper pocket all you do is
match up the snaps and snap it in one
two and three and you have just
customized the interior of your bag so
if you have additional jewel by
thirty-one bags in your collection
feel free to swap these pockets in and
out another nice feature of the diamond
district is on the bottom you'll see
that you have for a very nice feet this
is gonna keep your bag from getting
dirty it's also gonna help it stand
upright when you leave it so there you
are my friends this is your very
structured and chic and comfortable
diamond district be sure to check out my
thirty-one comm slash Heather's bag to
see other colors available and other
great deals and steals and of course
and shopping